before we begin let me start by saying
never give up hope but be prepared that
you might have to keep hoping until
you're almost deceased
also why has morgan freeman always look
the same damn age
the stars of our movie today are that
guy who narrates everything but meth
be prepared i'm coming for your olympic
visa commercials [ __ ]
merlin from top gun bill and ted's grim
maripa
the cop from them and
a bunch of jeb's relatives that's not a
joke but you can laugh if you want to
play our story begins about a hundred
[ __ ] years ago with andy dufresne
a pretty pretty banker boy on trial
doing his damn just to remember what his
drunkest was doing the night someone
murdered and he's cheating his wife and
her horny home wrecker
and this my friends is why if you're
gonna go murder [ __ ] just do it sober
so you remember what the [ __ ] you did
or didn't and the judge is like so due
to the evidence that has been presented
to us we've decided
we thought he was guilty as soon as you
walked in and uh what
this ain't andy it's alice boyd reading
but you can call him red
he's celebrating his 20-year stint in
prison by begging the parole board for
redemption
and the parole board is like so due to
the evidence that has been presented to
us
we decided we knew we wasn't going to
let you go as soon as you walked in
then the horn blows new prisoners in
common for the next several years
each of them will witness many murders
eat food full of maggots and see more
man moves than they'd find at a nascar
race
so because prison is boring all of us
can do is entertain himself with other
men's misery
which is exactly what red and his
surprisingly likable band of misfits are
doing when they bet cigarettes on which
one of these newbies ain't properly
weaned off his mama's teeth
what have you and they walked them in to
meet the head honcho of this here pokey
where warden on basically says
i'm god and you're all my [ __ ]
welcome to shawshank
well he seems nice well i tried to tell
you
more moves than you'll find out of
hooters one or two of them could
definitely benefit from the support of a
good brazil
and wouldn't you know it the one with
the biggest moves starts crying for his
mama
here come big byron hadley and he says
some dumb [ __ ] like
what the split is the flunk he should
stop trying to vulgarify because he
don't know how to do it
and he'll hadley go doing headly things
breakfast time
haha food full of maggots did i deliver
a
what here's where we meet brooks and he
says
are you gonna eat that and your psyched
the [ __ ] out thing in prison has turned
him into a senile maggot muncher but he
feeds it to a baby bird in his pocket
and he says
this is jake i'm gonna look after him
until he's big enough to fly
which is a metaphor for what red will do
throughout this movement for handy
[Music]
i promised myself i won't go do this
anyway a month later andy finally
introduces himself to red
he asked him to smuggle in a little rock
hammer and red tells him
joe for ten dollars but more importantly
see the sisters
they're kind of sweet on you muffin so
let me give you a word of advice
keep your buttocks tight and you'll be
all right a few days later brooks goes
down the line like
buck golf okay
book bit i can't read
okay book special delivery to mr
dufresne if you please
and now handy andy has his handy hammer
so a few years pass and andy keeps
everything to himself except his
badonkadonk
prison is very eventful you know and red
tells us that if not for what happens
next
and it might have taken the last train
to glory warden norton needs a dozen men
for a week's work to tie the roof of the
license plate factory
so red makes a little cigarette deal to
get him and his friends the job
who knew prison gods were so easily
persuaded well they're working this big
naked mole rat looking [ __ ] be
complaining about inheriting thousands
of dollars while these prisoners are
happy to be working for [ __ ] free
when andy overhears him complaining
about paying taxes on his inheritance
he walks up on hadley and says something
that comes across like
mr hadley is your wife a backstabbing
skeeze
so he drags andy over to the edge of the
building and he's like now listen to me
you fracking humperdink
i'ma take some monkey spunk and slap it
on your pumper nickel you got me you
flirting butter butt
see cause he don't know how to curse and
then he says you don't have to pay taxes
on that money if you give it all to your
wife
since she's married to you i can only
imagine how butt ugly that [ __ ] must be
but i fill out the phones for you if you
buy me and my buddies a few beers
but as it turns out andy didn't even
want the damn beer for himself
he just wanted to make some friends well
you know what they say
the best way to soften a man's heart is
to harden his liver
sometime later andy goes to red and asks
him to smuggle in a poster of rita
hayworth andy would you please just sit
you
down and watch the damn movie so andy
leaves the movie and andy's assaulters
go do an assault of things
but andy ain't the type to bend over for
just anybody so they hurt andy real bad
which makes hadley real mad bye
well that was nice and after andy gets
out of his month-long infirmary visit he
comes home to rita hayworth waiting for
him on his bed
heads up they toss in the cells and they
just walk in like they own the damn
place [ __ ] up your tiny room all up
in your business
then the one says what's your favorite
bible verse
and then he says watch ye therefore for
ye know not when these bits come to [ __ ]
up your [ __ ]
a little while later the warden takes
andy from literally doing the laundry to
a new kind of laundry
so andy decides to use his new leverage
to expand the library
but the warden's like you think the
government is going to buy books for a
bunch of cons that can't even
can read they can't even afford to buy
out some mega free mac and cheese
but write your letters and i'll even
mail them for you for the next few years
andy does the taxes for god and
everybody
he even gets read a little job well that
was nice
and things are looking up then out of
nowhere
cut his [ __ ] throat but despite
trying to kill his friend to remain
incarcerated brooks gets his parole
and why didn't he just take his [ __ ]
bird he could have walked out with a
damn bird and been like
you didn't know i had it but it doesn't
matter now does it
so for the next few minutes we find out
what happens when you spend your life
wishing for some dumb [ __ ] only to get
it and find out it ain't really that
great
i mean really is it too much ass that he
gets a visit from that stupid [ __ ]
bird
personally i believe the bird couldn't
handle life on the outside either
and hanged himself like brooks and
engraved on a tree limb
jake was here so back at the place
everybody hates but nobody wants to
leave
the state senate has sent andy some old
books records and 200
and tells him to please kindly if he
would finally find it in his heart to
politely shut the [ __ ] up thank you and
golf and the god says get this cleaned
up i'm gonna need some bread
hey it doesn't make sense but if you
knew the alternative you thank me
so while he's taking a number two or as
i like to call it laying a dose
and it locks the bitten with the [ __ ]
and plays the con some opera music
and for a little while they all feel
free at least that's red side of the
story
but what they were actually thinking was
what the [ __ ] is this or possibly
what norton done lost his [ __ ] mind
oh maybe
oh somebody's gonna get the beat out of
them oh look andy's gonna get the speed
out of him
after a few weeks in the hole andy tells
the prisoners how easy the time was
because he has music and hope and how
nobody can take that away but red's like
no
dumb but you know what they can't take
everything else
it's been 10 years so red walks in and
so due to the evidence that's been
presented to us we've decided
we knew he wasn't going to let you go as
soon as you walked in after a few more
years the state senate tells andy they
are sick of his damn letters about
expanding the [ __ ] library so they
allow him 500
annually so folks like haywood can sit
around singing
but i don't know what to do
all i do is sit inside oh lord
hey this reminds me of that time brooks
called his name into something
and look at this [ __ ] no love for jake
figgers
but more good news warden norton is
going to put the prisoners to work
because oh how they love getting to bust
their asses for no money
he calls it the inside out program but i
like to call it
the you know rights having convict is
gonna make me a rich [ __ ]
program to put it in simple terms warden
norton contracts the prisoners to work
in the community while his tight water
pinches pennies anywhere he can and
pockets the prophets sometimes in
addition to a ball of dough he also gets
a pie
which he gives to andy which andy gives
to red
while munching on said pie red asks andy
what he's doing for the walden
and he says warden norton is bringing in
hella dirty bugs
i tied it up for him then he gives me
little treats and keeps the sisters off
my muffins
so all that money is going into bank
accounts of a man andy made up
randall stevens well i'd have picked
something more bad
like idris elba but andy don't do any
things
next enter the elvis presley knockoff
tommy he's as dumb as a bag of [ __ ]
this young man is trying to get his name
into the guinness book of world records
for most prisons occupied
oh dear god here he goes trying to do
that learning thing bad idea buddy you
might hurt yourself
brain might overheat and catch that palm
mating your hair on fire but he goes to
andy asking for help to get his high
school diploma
he learns important things like how to
find nouns in a sentence and
5 times 5 is 25 because apparently this
is vital information which will keep his
ass out of prison
i'll let my family know when it comes
time to take his test
what'd i tell you mental meltdown so
many me elvis asks read what andy's in
for
murder of his wife and some golfers she
was bedonkin
all [ __ ] that he goes are thinking again
so tommy tells red and andy about one of
his ministries in prison where he met a
freako named elmo blatch who would never
shut the [ __ ] up i killed this woman in
her golfing lover and they pinned it on
her husband
and i don't know what i think is so
[ __ ] funny because i just ended up in
prison anyway
so andy who believes in stupid [ __ ] like
hope goes to the warden with this new
lowdown
oh andy don't you know most people are
ash
because the warden is like so due to the
evidence that's been presented
to me i've decided that i know i wasn't
going to help you get out as soon as you
walked in
and apparently andy mailed his high
school test to be graded
what do you [ __ ] know doofuses can
learn and once again things are looking
up
then out of nowhere
well andy is in the hole paying a hefty
price for mentioning money
the warden pays him a little visit to
remind him that he is god
that tommy is dead and if andy ever
stops helping him with his money
laundering nobody will ever get to sing
but i don't know what to do again
when andy finally gets out of the hole
he's feeling a little bummed
so he talks to red about a bunch of
beautiful philosophical [ __ ] about how
he didn't kill his wife how he wants to
live and save onto nail with his own
little boat
and red says a bunch of discourage and
[ __ ] like you shouldn't be doing all
this wishful thinking
they ain't never gonna let me out of
here until i'm old and shaky as [ __ ]
can't even
straight the urinal this will just go
flying every which way but i would just
like to take a moment to note the fact
that red actually said the words
[ __ ] pipe dreams anyway andy's like
let me tell you what you need to do if
you ever get out
get you to buxton and find a wall
that leads to a tree where my wife and
me once did the nasty
under a funky rock there'll be something
waiting for you
and have some hope for [ __ ] sake
but later red really starts to worry
when hayward tells him that andy asked
him for six feet
of rope and you gave it to him heywood i
swear to god sometimes i don't know what
to do
with you and for the next several
minutes we watch andy perform his final
acts of obedience
he finishes the woden's bookkeeping he
shines the wooden shoes
and he sits on the bed and holds six
feet of rope in his hands while reading
me worry our asses off
so things are looking very grim then out
of nowhere
lord it's a miracle man up and vanished
like a
fart in the wind you see for years andy
had been subjected to pressure and time
much like the walls that contained him
that night before he asked for the rita
hayworth poster he noticed that the
prison walls were beginning to crumble
and while the walls got soft and it got
hard he caught the damn tunnel okay
this is how it goes during all those
years in prison andy created a library
made some friends built a fortune and
devised a plan to outsmart the piece of
world so when the time was just right
and they swiped the bank books and the
fake ids
put on the walden suit and walked right
on the [ __ ] out of there in the wooden
shiny shoes
andy dufreyne you brilliant [ __ ]
he packed his belongings some chess
pieces how [ __ ] sad is that
and he climbed through a tunnel where at
the end a piper waited
i waited i won't he was waiting there
for him
but then andy was born again praise the
lord
and the rope was the umbilical cord and
at the end of it was the bag that
contains all the things that once
attached him to the inside
so i think this bag represented the
placenta god this movie knows how to
beat a metaphor to death
but i just got all that just now so who
am i to judge
and he stood in the rain as it washed
over his body cleansing him of his past
and his sins and the pinched loaves of
gods and prisoners
and he held his arms up to heaven open
wide like jesus on the holy cross as if
to say
thanks for nothing bit you want no help
at all
but i appreciate you a little for
writing that book where i could hide my
hammer
but now andy has been redeemed baptized
and
washed clean to be reborn as randall
stevens
but randall ain't done yet time to get
evil with you
the horn blows again one final time and
when the warden opens the safe
he finds the bible and turns to the book
of exodus and you're freaking right
salvation lays within
within this here book where andy hit his
hammer all those years
and because walden norton has seen
enough moobs in shawshank
he decides he'd rather not be subjected
to a holy man such as himself
then red continues on with the metaphor
about birds free birds bright birds
birds and cages
and some selfish about how he wishes
andy was still in prison but then the
big day arrives
again and red says something like well
due to the number of times i've sat in
this damn chair
i've decided that i knew you wasn't
gonna let me go as soon as i walked in
so you can take them damn papers right
there and wipe your ass with them
because frankly sonny i'm out of shits
to give
little did he know that the key to
success is just being a smart ass
i could have told him that the bad news
is that success is relative
and for our next con success is often
determined by whether you remember to
double bag
but at least he can still aim straight
and didn't piss all over the ceiling
okay who puts a gun shop right next to
where the country rehabilitate
oh he's just buying a compass so he does
what indus said
he gets his to buxton and he finds a
wall
that leads to a tree and he finds the
funky rock and he pulls it up and he
looks inside a tin can
and there's some money because andy
knows red ain't making bank at that
grocery store and he just looks around
thinking so this is where andy and his
wife once did the nasty
and there's a letter telling red that
andy is safe in sa montenego
and now red has some hope for [ __ ]
sake so red sets out with the excitement
only a morgan free man can feel
he hopes to see his friend and shake his
hand he
hopes mama quit ballin
it ain't that sad congratulations red
you got out just in time to be old
impotent with three years left on your
life to spend with your friend
but at least you look the same age as
you did at the beginning of the movie
and you got to see the pacific like you
hoped which has been the highlight of
your last 40 years
personally i just keep it simple and
hope to die someday because i know that
wish will come true eventually and i
won't be disappointed the
end thank you to these muffins for
always being here for me and meth
jennifer p and a special thank you to
star kitten for the extra bonus this
month
isabelle dissie chris oh
dan w davis c whiskey
neddy j gabriella c maria t
collegee donny b roz griez
fat cat sylvia kelly s
bethany c karo s david
m christine k o anna m
elena s kelly l p ptf j
melanie m anonymous bh allison l
autumn radio carriage a
anna b eva katrina a and john
k you can expect me to upload videos
after me and my mama quit bawling
because it ain't that sad four movies
explained four
i'm jeb get busy living or get busy or
dying
and have some hope for [ __ ] sake